hardly to the next video here on the
channel and to the next party paper
Wings connected today with a faq in
in a certain way, because I asked
clearly and make 20 facts video and
this 20 facts video will now follow
So I do not know how long
I would take the packaging too
not cut yet but now comes
definitely the first 20 facts
Video a lot of fun
First of all, I'm the biggest hannover 690
far below the sun 287 tall
Third, I'm ahead of the 2015
my high school diploma at the gymnasium Himmelsthür
Fourth, I hate mate about everything 52
My favorite musician is Michael Moore 6 and
only still water I am drinking
already pretty tall streak and I have
always a bottle of water here
stand next to me if the anomaly is
seventh
I'm extremely messy but hate
Disruption Eighth I am full of what
reason is why i never go to around 90
still have almost never for school
but learned well enough
tenth have two turtles
help is my cellphone is a htc power
12 My two best friends
lukas 13 i love duck especially from
Chinese even 14 my favorite color
Fourth , red is my favorite color
is red 15 40 15
I'm a long-term trainer
means I'm actually trying
the people around my environment too
entertain 16 my first football match
in the stadium was a 22 of hanover against
gladbach on 17 may 2003 since the isteiner
who knows that in the 90 minutes
2 2 made up for compensation and I'm still
never been so filled with beer
17 my favorite fifa youtuber is tbm
truck fifa base community 18
i am afraid and detest spiders
I want to become air traffic controller
are not the tarmac on the
These are the ones at the top of the tower
Twenties sitting on the wall behind
a big motto i have too much fear
years ago they try
to stare and to persuade them
fly away but it does not work yet
so completely
and now the real twentieth
facts or last fact I have since
about two weeks an album of
robbie drops out and I get him
Just do not leave so I hope we have
the 20 facts have fallen that were so times
the grossest things we know you
should be able to and can ask more
you like to look into the videos
will post
gossip videos I honestly know
I have not said anything here yet
be cramming in as background bz
long the video has yet to go
was just a bit that is
it could be that already there
longest black screen is I am
but as I said not sure because I
shut up I do not know the video ended
because he confessed and so gave something
Not to say it
as I said in the
comments what we ask for me
and what is also very important soon
is a video with ron comes that is
if any questions to ron have yes
then she also writes in the comments
between or this video i would
I look forward to it and then we see
We'd rather have it again
Have a wonderful day
Until next time
pure skin job